Welcome to the Golden Longxiang Reception
common win
Didn't he go crazy after being abandoned by my sister?
Isn't this the gentleman who slept in the top just now?
Looks prestigious
Shouldn't it be the organizer of the Golden Dragon Awards?
What organizer?
Just a piece of crap
Thank you so much for what the madman said
Someone wants me to leave today
But if I go
You may have to call it a day tonight
Go back and treat. Where are the guests?
Wow
This is too handsome
He's finished, no matter what family he's accused of
Will be famous by the Dragon Army
I think he's a fool talking to himself
What are you crazy about?
Come down quickly
This location
Only I can do it.